# Changelog
## v0.0.22 (2015-02-09)

The plugin tasks now correctly declare there own configuration as input properties, therefor configuration changes now will clear the `UP-TO-DATE` status and the tasks will correctly be rerun.

## v0.0.21 (2015-02-08)

A new (incubating) plugin `cc.catalysts.webjars` which creates a helper Java class containing information about all resolved webjar dependencies.

## v0.0.20 (2015-02-04)

The systemjs plugin is now completely self-contained and doesn't requrie additional setup within the project anymore.

### systemjs
* A new config property `npmDependencies` to specify the version of the build dependencies used
* No external configuration in project necessary anymore `package.json` and script file will be autogenerated

## v0.0.19 (2015-02-04)

### less
* A new config property `cssFileName` has been introduced which accepts a `Closure<String>` to transform the input file names to output file names
* It is now possible to define your own tasks of type `Less` to execute multiple independent configurations
```groovy
less {
    cssFileName = {return it.replace('.less', '.min.css')}
}

task unminifiedLess(type: Less) {
    plugins = ['autoprefix']
    cssFileName = {return it.replace('.less', '.css')}
}

tasks.less.dependsOn('unminifiedLess')
```

## v0.0.18 (2016-02-03)

Webjar versions for `less` and `systemjs` plugins are now resolved correctly

### less
* The webjar versions for the global less variables now represent the resolved values.
This enables us to use arbitrary version formats in our gradle files.
```groovy
dependencies {
    compile 'org.webjars.bower:angular:[1.4.6,1.5)'
}
```
Value of generated variable `webjars-angular`
Before: `webjars/angular/[1.4.6,1.5)`
After: `webjars/angular/1.4.9`

### systemjs
* The webjar versions for the systemjs config paths now represent the resolved values.
This enables us to use arbitrary version formats in our gradle files.
```groovy
dependencies {
    compile 'org.webjars.bower:angular:[1.4.6,1.5)'
}
```
Value of generated path `webjars/angular/*`
Before: `webjars/angular/[1.4.6,1.5)/*`
After: `webjars/angular/1.4.9/*`

## v0.0.17 (2016-02-02)

Let us introduce a new plugin `dmuncle`

### dmuncle
A new plugin featuring detection and reporting of outdated dependencies within your gradle project.

## v0.0.16 (2016-02-02)

This version brings you more configration options for the less plugin.

### less
* Introduced new configuration options:
  - npmDependencies: allows to control which dependencies (and in which version) are installed via npm
  - plugins: specify which less-plugins will be applied
  - pluginOptions: allow specification of plugin arguments
  - additionalArguments: any number of additional command line arguments to pass to the less compiler
